[IMP] inventory: thd batch updates (#2556)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/routes/strategies/removal.rst

Even if our white shirts are clothes, we can say that they are timeless. So, let's use them to
test our *LIFO* strategy. Once again, open the product category via :menuselection:`Inventory
--> Configuration --> Product Categories` and change the removal strategy to *LIFO*.

.. image:: removal/last-in-first-out.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Last in first out strategy set up as forced removal strategy.

Now, create a sale order for 4 white shirts and check that the reserved products are from lots
000003 and 000002.

.. image:: removal/reserved-lots-LIFO.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Two lots being reserved for sell with the LIFO strategy.

.. important::
   Don't forget that the *LIFO* strategy is banned in many countries!

FEFO (First Expiry, First Out)
------------------------------

With the *FEFO* strategy, the way products are picked is not based on the reception date. In this
particular case, they are dispatched according to their expiration date.

.. note::
   To have more information about Expiration date, please have a look at :doc:`the related doc
   <../../management/lots_serial_numbers/expiration_dates>`.

> By activating *Expiration Dates*, it becomes possible to define different dates on the serial/lot
> numbers to be used in *FEFO*. These dates can be set by going to :menuselection:`Inventory -->
> Master Data --> Lots/Serial Numbers`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By activating the :guilabel:`Expiration Dates` feature, it becomes possible to define different
expiration dates on the serial/lot numbers that will be used in :abbr:`FEFO (First Expired, First
Out)`. These expiration dates can be set by going to :menuselection:`Inventory --> Products -->
Lots/Serial Numbers`.
```
